this model is called v 110 and is a
so full and rugged convertible and name
military in 1210 g and waterproof to
dust at the level of of 68 is a
convertible so the display rotates up
himself and becomes a tablet
hiding the keyboard
the keyboard is a keyboard
backlit waterproof full size
88 keys there is the possibility then have the
fifth capacitive screen version
or digital here we see the
5 megapixel camera you can
use as a webcam or by rotating
the display as a camera
this machine is also equipped with two
battery
which can then be extracted while hot
hot replacing this allows me to
never turn off your computer
has the ability to integrate a module
rfd
or a barcode reader
with the classic features also of
wifi and bluetooth 3g and 4g
the processor is a processor to those 4
generation from a vest 9 also up
this is the possibility to upgrade
to 7 to 2.3
to get the degree of robustness
we used materials
very resistant as the alloy of
Magnesium and elongated polymers does yes
that this product at this time is
convertible full rugged lighter in
trade
then we use the systems for the
protection of internal devices
allow us to waterproof the
product therefore of
will allow the connections to be sealed
from the usb connection to the battery to the
sole sadist at 128 gigabytes le
external connections for the rs232 serial
ethernet
usb and esata all sealed by
these doors that provide one
gasket that completely stops
the counter
mattioli remedy with indicator of
charge
they are two on one side
in the high on the other side
this to allow you to use a
full time and the product without thorns
by now